ref(flags): add note about feature flag search (#13023)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/product/issues/issue-details/feature-flags/index.mdx

Flag evaluations will appear in the "Feature Flag" section of Issue Details page as a table, with "suspect" flag predictions highlighted in yellow. For each event, we track the 100 most recently evaluated flags leading up to the error. Learn more about how to interact with feature flag insights within the Sentry UI by reading the [Issue Details page documentation](/product/issues/issue-details/#feature-flags).

> Setting up evaluation tracking also allows you to use Issues Search in conjunction with feature flags. On Issues Search, using the `flags` keyword will allow you to filter for events where the feature flag evaluated value is true or false. This allows you to quickly find all events containing a specific flag evaluation and its value of interest. See [searchable properties](/concepts/search/searchable-properties/issues/#flags) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting up evaluation tracking also allows you to use Issues Search in conjunction with feature flags. On Issues Search, using the `flags` keyword will allow you to filter for issues containing errors where the feature flag evaluated value is true or false. This allows you to quickly find all errors where a specific flag evaluation and its value of interest is present. See [searchable properties](/concepts/search/searchable-properties/issues/#flags) for more information.
```

Reviewer: I tried to use errors instead of events to contextualize this better for users. Wdyt? I think we can apply the same changes to other feature flag search note if you're okay with it!

Author: @jas-kas makes sense 👍
